Again.
It's that dream again.
It hasn't happened yet,
but the dream makes me feel like I'm already there.
I feel as if I'm still in the midst of that dream even after waking up.
It makes me feel like morning will never come.
It is a complete nightmare.
(Episode 9)
There's a sound that wakes me up from the nightmare.
It comforts me by letting me know...
that the night and the nightmare are gone for the time being.
It tells me, "Morning is here. You're okay now."
It makes me feel relieved.
To me, my mom is like the morning that banishes nights.
Goodness, you kill me.
I can't believe you're my daughter.
Look at this mess. Your room looks like a pigsty.
This is why I can't eat pork.
Pigs remind me of you.
Mom.
Let me sleep like this for just five more minutes.
What's with you? You're too old for this.
Did you have that dream again?
Yes.
Gosh, I must be going crazy.
Why do you leave so early these days?
Do you have to meet someone?
No, I'm leaving early to avoid someone.
Who's that someone?
Who is it?
Okay, thank you.
Jae Chan, the neighbor brought us mackerel.
Can you go get it?
Hey, you go.
Just go. I have to go to the bathroom.
No, I can't. She'll get the wrong idea if I see her looking like this.
Why? You look good.
Exactly. That's the problem.
I'm too dressed up for just getting mackerel.
It doesn't look natural. She'll totally get the wrong idea.
I don't want any more misunderstandings, okay?
What is this nonsense about?
- Hey, please. - Gosh, let go!
- I have to poop! - Hey, Seung Won.
You brat. Hey! That little...
It was you, Ms. Yoon.
Your brother told me that you guys don't eat much breakfast.
That's not good, especially for men. You'll be tired all day.
I wrapped them individually.
Keep them in your freezer and grill one at a time.
They're already salted, so all you need to do is grill them.
It's much easier than making ramyeon.
Okay, thank you.
You must like mackerel. Gosh, I should've given you some sooner.
You've been coming early these days.
Yes. I'd like a double-shot Americano with...
With hazelnut syrup, right? The lady with short hair just ordered it.
She went to the washroom. She'll be back shortly.
She came here this early?
Yes.
It looked like you two kept missing each other,
so I told her that she'll be able to see you if she comes earlier.
- Aren't you glad I told her? - No, why did you do that?
She's back.
Gosh. For goodness' sake.
A double-shot Americano with hazelnut syrup.
Right?
Gosh, are you stalking me or what? Do you have nothing else to do?
That's right. I have nothing to do.
Do you have early morning meetings these days?
I didn't know you've been leaving so early.
I wasted my time for a few days.
You said you're taking time off work. Shouldn't you go back?
Then you won't be able to see me often.
- Do you really want that? - Yes, I do. Very desperately.
I'm sorry, but I enjoy seeing your face much more than working.
Isn't it just about not wanting to return to work?
It's not that I don't want to go back.
Shall I return to work or not?
Why are you asking me?
I really don't know what to do.
Half of me wants to go back,
but the other half doesn't.
(Return to Work Request)
So, you decide for me.
I'll do as you say.
Shall I go back to work or not?
Is it stressful to work as a reporter?
You don't want to return to your job that much?
It's not that. I want to go back to work.
I want to return so badly.
(Seoul Hangang District Prosecutors' Office)
You're looking great.
I was born with good looks.
- Are you dating someone? - I sure am.
Seriously?
Yes, I'm committed to my cases.
I see, your cases.
- Hello. - Lawyer Lee!
Good morning, everyone.
- Hello. - Good morning.
Press the close button.
Get in.
I'll take the next one.
I guess he's going down.
Just get in. There's so much space here.
- Not really. - Please move back.
- There isn't much space at all. - Hold on a second.
- Isn't he going down? - Gosh.
- It'll be quick. - Come on.
Get in.
I have to go relieve myself. Gosh.
Hey, he has to go to the washroom. Just get in already.
I would've been in trouble had he stalled us longer.
That was...
Have you made any progress yet?
Things got done so quickly back in my days.
Back then, a month was all I needed to...
Enough. There are a lot of people here.
I got awarded for my performance as a prosecutor in a month.
Was that an inappropriate thing to say in front of you all?
- No. - Not at all.
You must've thought I was talking about a different kind of progress.
About Ms. Nam Hong Joo?
Nam Hong Joo?
See you all later.
- See you. - Have a good day.
In terms of that kind of progress, I was much faster than you.
- Going up. - You better step up your game.
What progress? The kind that we're thinking of?
The rumors must be true.
I heard that he stole Lawyer Lee's girlfriend.
- Are you serious? - I can hear everything.
Since you heard us, you should give us an explanation.
Such rumors always get out of hand if you don't do anything about them.
The more I try to give excuses, the more they'll get out of control.
About Ms. Nam Hong Joo... What's she like?
I don't know.
Nam Hong Joo? The girl at Hong Joo Samgyeopsal?
- Yes. - She makes great kimchi stew.
Yes, her.
We'll be able to see her there. Have you been?
No, not yet.
But I heard that she's very pretty and intelligent.
Pretty and intelligent? I wonder what she's like.
Would she be like Prosecutor Shin?
Gosh, of course not.
Right, there will never be such rumors about Prosecutor Shin.
That's what I'm saying. She's considered...
good-looking only when she's among average people like us.
- Exactly. - Ms. Nam is in a different league.
People like us can't dare to compete with her.
Right, Lawyer Lee said...
that she's definitely the hard-to-get type.
She sounds like a total femme fatale.
Sorry? What did you just say? Femme... What?
You know.
Those women who seduce men with their beauty and intelligence...
but never give them their hearts. Femme fatale.
You literally picked the bones clean.
So what is it this time? Which part was missing?
A drumstick was missing.
It's the best part of chicken along with wings.
Listen. I'm not a machine. When I pack them,
a piece may end up in a different box. It happens.
I'll be more careful from now on. Are we good now?
I've ordered 26 chickens from this place to date.
If a piece or two can end up in different boxes,
some of the boxes must have extra pieces, right?
- Right. - But you know what?
I've never gotten an extra piece.
It says "one chicken" on your menu.
Why is it that I've never had a whole chicken?
Where did all the missing pieces go?
Do they get put in a box and are sold as "one chicken"?
Gosh, you're really something.
Are you one of those customers who make unreasonable complaints?
They complain with no proof just to rip off business owners.
You'll be punished if I sue you.
You want proof? I have solid evidence.
I recorded a video from the moment the fried chicken arrived.
The video clearly shows that...
Hey, I asked you to pick up groceries for me.
What are you doing here?
You're such a handful.
I gave birth to this girl, but I cannot understand her.
Never mind. Sorry.
It seems to be the hardest work.
- Come here. - I'll be back, okay?
Come on.
- Let's go! - I'll be watching you.
Why would you watch him? Are you the Terminator or what?
- You kill me. Gosh. - Let go. Mom, Mom!
(Episode 9: Don't Trust Her)
What is wrong with you? Tell me.
I asked you to pick up groceries. Why did you cause a scene there?
Right. It was stupid, wasn't it?
I used to visit the prosecution, the police, and Congress for work.
I can't believe I'm trying to dig up dirt on a fried chicken restaurant.
What a waste of talent. I'm throwing my talent out the window.
So? Are you planning on returning to work?
- You saw it? - Of course.
It looked like you put it on your desk for me to see it.
Why aren't you answering my question?
Will you go back to work?
Yes.
You said you saw yourself dying as a reporter in your dream...
and that you're too scared to keep the job.
You promised me that you'd just help me out here at the restaurant.
Why the change of heart? What happened?
It's not that I had a change of heart.
The future might change, you know.
You said it's unchangeable.
You yourself said that knowing what will happen changes nothing.
I learned that it can change. Look at Jae Chan.
He saved both of our lives.
So, you'll rely on him and return to work?
Did he say that he'll save your life? Will he protect you?
Well...
Not exactly.
Let's be honest. Why can't I change my future when he was able to do it?
You can't! You'll never be able to change it.
Why not? It's not like he's more competent than me...
He is! In so many ways.
Mom, I'm your daughter.
Do you trust him more than me?
That's right. In my eyes,
you're much more unreliable and weaker than him.
You worry me a lot more, and you're much...
You're much more precious to me.
[VIU Ver] E09 While You Were Sleeping "Don't Trust Her"
-= Ruo Xi =-
You're...
the only one I have in this world,
so don't leave me.
Okay?
Okay.
All right. That's my daughter.
Gosh, my baby.
Oh, my gosh.
We're here to eat some pork belly.
Hello!
Again?
We had to run around this morning, so we're starving now.
44,007, 44,008.
44,009.
What's he doing now?
The protest at Gwanghwamun yesterday, you know.
He wants to count how many people were there...
to see who's right between the police and organizers.
I guess he has too much time on his hands.
44,015.
Hey, Du Hyun.
Hong Joo is supposed to come back next week.
What's her plan? Will she come back?
44,019. Why are you asking me? 44,020.
I need to know how many people need the uniform.
You're her direct supervisor.
You need to know these things.
- 44,024. - 4.
- 4. - 9.
Nine... Captain!
I lost track because of you!
Aren't you my direct supervisor? I don't expect help from you,
but at least don't ruin things for me.
Hey, people will think that you're my supervisor.
What do you want me to do? Should I count her in or not?
1, 2.
- Gosh, this is so frustrating. - Three.
- 4, 5. - You cold-blooded jerk.
- 6, 7, 8. - Goodness.
Has he totally lost his mind?
Let's wrap up the meeting here.
Where are we going for lunch today?
Today, we'll go to...
Sir.
Why didn't you approve my request for the DUI hit-and-run case?
I wrote "lack of evidence" as the reason.
Indicting the passenger for aiding and abetting DUI...
is too harsh. Don't you know?
He'll be acquitted anyway if the case goes to court.
That's what happened in the trial last month.
So, where are we going?
- Today... - Last year,
similar offenders were sentenced to probation in Gwangju and Daejeon.
There was the same case in Japan,
and the passenger was sentenced to two years in prison.
Oh, that's right. I read about that case too.
Is your case similar?
Yes. No, it's actually a lot worse.
Gosh, come on.
They drank together until they were totally drunk,
and he picked up the keys from the valet services.
Then he asked to be driven home, saying he knows how to avoid police.
He basically instigated the offense.
He instigated the driver to drive under the influence.
A nine-year-old kid lost his parents due to the accident,
and he has to wear a colostomy bag for the rest of his life.
None of that would've happened had he stopped the driver.
I'm actually going very easy on him.
It's not harsh. He deserves a heavier punishment.
He didn't even drive. All he did was give the driver his car keys.
We, prosecutors, should not turn innocent people into criminals.
- Sir. - Ms. Son!
All right. We should have lunch first.
We can't solve any cases on an empty stomach.
Mr. Jung, where are we going for lunch?
We'll go to Finest Tonkatsu, the tonkatsu place across the street.
My, look at you. Did you read my mind or what?
I've been craving tonkatsu.
The food at Finest Tonkatsu is really good,
but Mr. Park drank last night, so he'll need to cure his hangover.
I heard the kimchi stew at Hong Joo Samgyeopsal is amazing.
That restaurant is too far. We should go somewhere closer,
like the one across the street.
Yes, there are many good kimchi stew places nearby.
Well, let's go to Hong Joo Samgyeopsal, then.
It's a nice day, so we could get some exercise by walking there.
All right, let's go.
Hasn't the weather been so nice?
I always get off a stop early and walk here these days.
Let's go.
I tried to analyze the dreams the three of us have been having.
You've been seeing a bunch of random people in your dreams,
but Jae Chan has been appearing in them frequently as of late.
- Right. - It looks like Jae Chan...
usually has dreams about you,
and I've been mainly having dreams about him.
Really? That is odd.
There are definitely some kinds of rules.
You started having these dreams first.
After that, it was Jae Chan. Then it happened to me too.
If this was a contagious disease, you'd be the first infectee,
but it's obviously not spread through air or physical contact.
Had it been the case, a lot more people would've been infected.
Hey, do you think I'm sick?
Come on. I was just using that analogy to explain better.
Do you not like those dreams?
No, I don't.
I wonder if I did something terrible in my past life.
It must be a punishment of some sort.
No, you must've saved the country or something in your past life.
If we can find out what the rules are,
we'll be able to prevent...
all sorts of crimes and disasters.
Hang on. What if I see a war or a terrorist attack in my dreams?
Hong Joo, we should master a foreign language...
in order to prevent such disasters at an international level.
I can speak a little bit of German.
- Good morning. - Lieutenant Han has...
such good manners.
He's handsome, and he has American-style manners.
It's because he learned from me.
I mean, he even looks just like me.
People always assume that he's my little brother and tell me...
that I've done such a good job of raising him.
I can get a cash receipt, right?
- Yes, of course. - Thank you.
You seem so excited.
Do you like having such dreams?
Of course I do.
What if you have a dream about your death?
Don't say such an ominous thing.
Well, you're a cop.
What if you see yourself die while working on a tough case?
Will you quit your job?
Are you crazy? Do you know what I went through to become a cop?
You might die though.
Then I'll just change my future.
I'll just have to change it.
It can be changed.
Really? Do you really think so?
Get out!
Mother, what's the matter?
Don't call me like that. Get out.
I said, get out!
Mom.
- Mother, why are you... - I'm not your mother.
Stop spewing nonsense. Get out already!
Go on. Get out!
I'll get going, then.
Why is she being like that all of a sudden?
Did I say something inappropriate?
No, I think she's mad at me.
I asked her for a cash receipt.
Gosh, why did you do that? It wasn't even that much.
She even gave us free rice.
- Gosh. - Gosh.
Is that Han Woo Tak?
(Prosecutor, Cop)
Hello.
Hello!
You can take any table you like.
My gosh. Hello, Prosecutor Jung.
Oh, look at you. It seems like you know the owner well.
Of course, he's our regular customer.
Does that mean the rumor about you two is true?
No, it is not true.
Will we get some soda on the house if Prosecutor Jung is a regular?
I think people who demand complimentary soda...
or free appetizers at restaurants look so cheap.
It's like they want to rip people off.
No, not at all. Of course we'll give you something on the house.
Just a moment, please.
She must be Ms. Nam Hong Joo. She's so pretty.
She also seems very intelligent. How should I describe her?
The femme fatale type?
What is it called again?
Femme...
Lord, you always give us your wisdom and grace.
Please allow every prosecutor in Criminal Division Three...
to benefit from your wisdom so that we can always...
make sure to prosecute every offender fairly.
A kid became an orphan due to an unfortunate accident,
and he has to live with disabilities for the rest of his life.
Both the person who caused the accident and the one...
who let the accident happen instead of stopping it are sinners.
Our Lord who is fair, please use your sword...
to also punish the one who chose not to prevent the accident.
Such accidents are considered crimes of criminal negligence.
Since it was a mistake, aiding or abetting it was simply impossible.
Therefore, we cannot accuse him of such an offense...
Driving under the influence of alcohol can lead to accidents,
so the accident could have been predicted and prevented.
Absolutely.
Father, the person who turned a blind eye to it all...
certainly deserves a punishment, and that's why the law exists.
According to that logic, everyone who hasn't made any donations...
to starving children all over the world also deserves punishment.
Please save us from those who are foolishly trying...
to cloud the main issue.
In this country, respecting elders is considered a virtue.
We must treat our superiors with respect...
Wait.
Why are you talking about respecting elders and superiors?
That's one of Confucius' teachings.
Why can't I bring it up?
Religions must unite for world peace!
Please calm down. How about we vote to be fair and square?
Let's handle this democratically.
Excuse me. Please give us free soda on the house.
No freebies, please. Make sure you add it to our bill.
- Okay. - All right.
Then let's vote.
If you think the passenger also deserves to be punished,
raise your hand.
Please raise your hand if you disagree with that.
Mr. Jung, what are you doing? You haven't raised your hand.
Both sides' arguments are valid,
so I need more time to think.
Don't worry about what others will think. Just be honest.
Backing out now is such a cowardly thing to do.
Aren't I right?
Well, why are you asking me?
I'm just curious whether I'm the only one who thinks it's cowardly.
Well...
I think that a prayer like this in and of itself goes against...
religious neutrality which public officials are expected to observe.
Well, all four of us are Christians.
No way. That can't be.
Pardon me?
Only 20 percent of Korea's population is Christian.
It means that the probability of all four of you being Christian...
is 0.2 to the power of 4, which equals 0.0016.
It's less than the probability of seeing a double rainbow.
In other words, it's impossible.
I bet some of you are hiding your actual religion...
to make sure you don't get on your superior's wrong side.
And not praying along in this kind of organizational culture...
shows that the person is not afraid of expressing his beliefs.
I don't think he's scared or worried about what others might think.
He must be thinking hard about what would be the right thing to do.
He's being more careful than any of you.
Does that answer your question?
My gosh, who is that young lady?
She's extremely well-spoken.
The way she talks...
It sounds familiar.
Nam Hong Joo!
My gosh.
You startled us.
That lady at the restaurant. She's a reporter.
Reporter Nam Hong Joo.
She was a city desk reporter at SBC.
I couldn't recognize her because she cut her hair, but it's her.
I thought her voice sounded familiar.
What was she like as a reporter?
Gosh, she was a tough cookie.
Please say a few words.
She always snagged the best spot whenever we were escorting suspects.
- Say something to your son! - She'd come up...
and bombard us with questions.
She was so loud too.
She was always yelling at the top of her lungs.
Please say a few words!
The news that an assistant chief prosecutor has been molesting...
female prosecutors at team dinners has left many of us shocked.
Was it two years ago?
The sexual assault incident at Yeonju Prosecutors' Office.
She was the one who got the assistant chief prosecutor fired.
He touched particular parts of the female prosecutors' bodies...
and sexually assaulted them.
Then she suddenly fell off the face of the earth.
I assumed she was sent somewhere overseas as a correspondent.
So, she had a successful career. Why is she working at a restaurant now?
You're right. I'm curious too.
She wouldn't quit her job as a reporter.
I should ask around.
The organizers of the protest stated that a total...
of 70,000 people participated.
However, the number that the police announced...
is 15,000, which is significantly less.
The difference was caused...
by when and how the counting was done.
The organizers counted all protest participants from the beginning...
Then everyone should be arrested.
Shall we arrest and prosecute everyone in this country?
Let's go back to how it all started.
- Goodness. - That person is...
- responsible for the accident. - Well, it was...
a traffic accident, you know.
However, I counted the total number of protest participants myself...
- and found out that there were... - Gosh!
about 37,000 participants by 6pm alone.
Did you cut yourself?
Let me see.
Gosh, you should've been careful.
Just leave it. I'll finish it up.
Are you crying? Does it hurt a lot?
Shall I take you to a hospital?
Mom, I don't think these onions are fresh. My eyes are burning too much.
(Episode 10 will air shortly.)